# Organo

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 21.0.1.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.


## Content Class

- [Module 1: Getting to know Angular](#module-1-getting-to-know-angular)
- [Module 2: Getting to know the Data Flow](#module-2-getting-to-know-the-data-flow)
- [Module 3: Interfaces and inputSignal](#module-3-interfaces-and-inputsignal)
- [Module 4: Getting to know the control flow](#module-4-getting-to-know-the-control-flow)
- [Module 5: Style condicional](#module-5-style-condicional)

## Module 1: Getting to know Angular
### Lesson Summary

- The importance of Angular as a robust framework for developing large applications.
- The use of Node.js and npm to manage packages in Angular development.
- The use of the Angular CLI for efficient creation and management of Angular projects.
- How to explore and modify the folder and file structure generated by an Angular project.
- The concept of componentization in Angular and component creation via CLI.
- The structure and function of Angular component files: HTML, CSS, TypeScript, and spec.ts.
- The role of decorators and metadata, especially @Component for creating components.
- How to style the application globally.

## Module 2: Getting to know the Data Flow
### Lesson Summary

- Creating reusable Angular components using the Angular CLI.
- Accessing and dynamically interpolating data between TypeScript and HTML.
- Using global CSS variables for style patterns and applying them via :root.
- Styling Angular components with CSS, including flexbox and visual effects.
- Associating images with Angular components through Property Binding.
- Applying Unicode to icons and using event binding for interaction.
- Toggle states and elements with negation and ternary operators.

## Module 3: Interfaces and inputSignal
### Lesson Summary

- Creating data models in TypeScript using interfaces to define object contracts.
- Implementing object typing with the Book interface, improving type checking.
- Creating Angular components to manage lists of items, promoting separation of responsibilities.
- The importance of communication between Angular components for reusing functionality and sharing data.
- Separating data from presentation logic using mock files.
- The implementation and use of input properties in Angular components.

## Module 4: Getting to know the control flow
### Lesson Summary

- Use the Map data structure in JavaScript to store key-value pairs.
- Use the OnInit hook in Angular to initialize logic before rendering a component.
- Implement iteration logic over data collections with the forEach method.
- Use optional chaining and null coalescing operators for safe data handling.
- Transfer data from a parent component to a child component in Angular using input properties.
- Iterate over lists in Angular using the @for directive and the need for tracking.
- Implement conditional rendering using @if in Angular.
- Apply CSS to style components and adjust the presentation of elements.

## Module 5: 
### Lesson Summary

- Using ngClass to dynamically add/remove classes.
- The importance of importing CommonModule to use Angular directives.
- Associating CSS classes with elements based on data properties.
- Structuring CSS classes to apply conditional styles.
